chore(portal): add note for multi rg regarding plugins (TDX-2637) (#4806)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/applications/enable-app-reg.md

In the `default` runtime group, applications are still linked to {{site.base_gateway}} `consumers` and use the `acl` plugin to control access between an application's `consumer` and a service version. This configuration is deprecated. It is recommended to upgrade your runtime instances to {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.0+ to ensure future compatibility with the `konnect-application-auth` plugin, which has a built-in replacement for the `acl` plugin and doesn't rely on `consumers`.

The `konnect-application-auth` plugin is used to manage access control and API key authentication for app registration and replaces the need for the `acl` and `key-auth` plugins. It is only supported in {{site.base_gateway}} 3.0+ and is used for app registration in every non-`default` runtime group.

{:.note}

> > **Note:** If you are not in the `default` runtime group, consumer-based plugins (e.g. rate-limiting) are not compatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you are not in the `default` runtime group, consumer-based plugins, like rate-limiting, are not compatible
```
